---
title: Weekly Updates (Community Bonding)
author: Aaditya Singh
---
<!--
SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2024 Aaditya Singh <singh.aaditya889@gmail.com>
-->

# Meeting 5

*(May 30, 2024)*

## Attendees

- [Shaheem Azmal M MD](https://github.com/shaheemazmalmmd)
- [Gaurav Mishra](https://github.com/GMishx)
- [Kaushlendra Pratap](https://github.com/Kaushl2208)
- [Ayush Bhardwaj](https://github.com/hastagAB)
- [Samuel Dushimimana](https://github.com/dushimsam)
- [Soham Banerjee](https://github.com/soham4abc)
- [Shreya Singh](https://github.com/SinghShreya05)
- [Abdelrahman Jamal](https://github.com/Hero2323)
- [Aaditya Singh](https://github.com/Aaditya-Singh78)
- [Abhishek Kumar](https://github.com/abhi-kumar17871)
- [Akash Sah](https://github.com/Akashsah2003)
- [Divij Sharma](https://github.com/dvjsharma)
- [Rajul Jha](https://github.com/rajuljha)
- [Valens Niyonsenga](https://github.com/valens200)

## Discussion

### Mentors

- [Shaheem Azmal M MD](https://github.com/shaheemazmalmmd): Provided general updates regarding the project. Reminded contributors to update the GSoC Documentation tool before the Thursday call.
- [Gaurav Mishra](https://github.com/GMishx): Explained the rules and use of the GSoC Documentation tool, including how to contribute code and documentation.

### Contributors

- [Abdelrahman Jamal](https://github.com/Hero2323): Presented basic code to parse file text from FOSSology and prompt it to different LLMs. The LLMs provide license names and handle multiple licenses or return empty if no license is found. Currently assessing which LLM performs best.

- [Shreya Gautam](https://github.com/ShreyaGautamm): Absent.

- [Aaditya Singh](https://github.com/Aaditya-Singh78): Completed FOSSology installation and created a pull request to enhance cross-platform compatibility and line encoding issues. Discussed with the mentor how to resolve an issue with the mimetype agent.

- [Abhishek Kumar](https://github.com/abhi-kumar17871): Exploring SPDX 3.0 JSON format and plans to open a pull request soon.

- [Akash Sah](https://github.com/Akashsah2003): Investigated storing license expressions and proposed using Abstract Syntax. Has shared a document with mentors for decision-making.

- [Divij Sharma](https://github.com/dvjsharma): Reported no major updates; currently exploring OAuth implementation via API.

- [Rajul Jha](https://github.com/rajuljha): Discussed general milestones for the CI/CD project during a call with mentors. Working on line number extraction and differential scans.

- [Valens Niyonsenga](https://github.com/valens200): Limited updates, reviewed the concept regarding Monk-based text scanning and needs to discuss further how to start.
